A Revenge of Dunces
Once upon a time,
two planets very far away.
Two different civilizations were
living on these 2 planets.
Legos used to live on Brick,
in a strict and rationnal world.
They were not very tall but
they were quite good in constructing.
Playmos lived quietly on Geobra,
fishing and hunting to survive
in a world with no violence at all.
They liked skiing on
their land's sandy places.
The 2 civilizations were living peacefully
because they had never met each other yet.
They even ignore the existence
of their neighborhood.
But one day,
an unexpected event occured.
The mysterious objects were
a huge technological progress
for Playmos who still used
to live in treehouses,
and for Legos too,
more advanced technologically.
The two civilizations quickly
understood the substance of the objects
and were able to use them.
Legos used it to build
more complicated machines
to improve productivity
and rate of their constructions.
So, they naturally discovered slavery.
Playmos didn't follow the same way,
They had enough to eat on their planet,
and found their houses quite confortable,
so they didn't search to improve
their comfort or productivity.
The only thing they could find useful
in this technological newness was Art,
especially music.
They came to construct big
machines to make sound,
and had fun every night
by dancing till dawn.
The inhabitants of Brick were
able to build big space ships.
They finally discover the nearby planet.
They found the Playmos were idiots
and decided to slave them.
They could bring them by ship on their planet
to make them work on the construction
of the Presidential Palace.
Their plan was well on its way when a dispute
arose between the President and Vice President.
It was about the funding of the Palace.
Vice President insulted the President,
the President took him a slap,
Vice President replied with a kick,
President had the last word...
It was the end of the Brick planet
and Legos nation.